Teacher: SYRUS.
HERE!
MEULLER.
JADEN.
[SIGH]
POOR GUY.
[MOAN]
I MISS HIM.
HMM.
AAH!
I MISS HIM!
PIPE DOWN, SARGE!
I'M WAY MORE DEPRESSED
THAN YOU!
I'VE KNOWN JADEN
SINCE DAY ONE!
HE'S MY BEST FRIEND!
HE'S MY HERO!
HE'S THE HOT FUDGE
ON THE SUNDAE
THAT IS MY LIFE!
IS THAT RIGHT?
IF YOU CARE SO MUCH,
WHAT'RE YOU DOIN'
SITTIN' HERE
IN THIS CLASS?
A TRUE FRIEND WOULD BE
WITH HIM RIGHT NOW.
PARDON ME.
OUTTA MY WAY.
I'VE GOT A BEST FRIEND
TO CHECK UP ON.
HUH?
[THINKING]
SYRUS IS IN WORSE SHAPE
THAN JADEN.
[CRYING]
JADEN!
I'M NOTHING WITHOUT YOU!
♪ ♪
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[THINKING] 3 DAYS
SINCE I LOST TO ASTER,
AND I STILL CAN'T SEE MY CARDS.
KURIBOH?
THAT YOU?
HELLO!?
[SIGH]
OHH.
QUIT MOPIN'
ALREADY.
CHAZZ?
WHAT'RE YOU DOIN' HERE?
I CAME OUT HERE
TO THINK, ALL RIGHT?
BESIDES, I WAS SICK
OF HEARING EVERYONE
GO ON AND ON
ABOUT HOW MUCH
THEY'RE WORRIED
ABOUT YOU.
EVERYWHERE I GO,
IT'S ALWAYS JADEN,
JADEN, JADEN!
UH, ANYWAY...
IS IT TRUE
YOU CAN'T TALK TO
YOUR MONSTERS ANYMORE?
I GUESS.
[GRUNT]
SNAP OUT OF IT, MAN!
AND STOP BUMMING
EVERYONE OUT!
LISTEN, CHAZZ.
DUELING IS ALL
I'VE EVER REALLY CARED ABOUT.
AND NOW,
I CAN'T DO THE THING
I LOVE THE MOST.
I KNOW WHAT YOU NEED.
LET'S DUEL NOW.
THAT'S THE ONLY WAY
YOU'RE GONNA
GET OVER THIS!
COME ON!
I'LL EVEN GO EASY ON YA!
DON'T WALK AWAY!
LET'S GET OUR GAME ON!
MAYBE LATER, CHAZZ.
WHAT A LOSER.
[THINKING]
THE WHEEL OF FATE.
IT SEEMS JADEN IS MORE POWERFUL
THAN I IMAGINED.
I FORETOLD ASTER'S VICTORY.
HOWEVER, JADEN'S RESPONSE
WAS QUITE UNEXPECTED.
FOR WHEN I INFUSED ASTER'S
MONSTERS WITH MY OWN ENERGY,
JADEN'S SOUL SHOULD HAVE BEEN
WIPED CLEAN.
UPON HIS DEFEAT, JADEN WAS TO
BECOME MY ETERNAL SERVANT.
AND ALTHOUGH HIS SPIRIT
WAS WEAKENED,
HE IS STILL IN CONTROL
OF HIS SOUL...
ALBEIT A LOST SOUL.
BUT I'LL TEND TO THE MATTER
OF JADEN LATER.
SO WHILE HE SEARCHES HIS HEART
FOR ANSWERS,
I'LL SET MY SIGHTS
ON A NEW SERVANT.
PERHAPS ONE A BIT MORE ...
PREDICTABLE.
THE FOOL.
THE PILGRIM.
THE WANDERER.
IT SEEMS
THERE IS ANOTHER DUELIST
WHO SHARES A SIMILAR GIFT
TO JADEN'S.
ONLY HIS SOUL IS MUCH WEAKER.
Pilot: MASTER SARTORIUS!
WE'RE APPROACHING DUEL ACADEMY!
Bonaparte: DE PLANE, BOSS!
DE PLANE!
THAT MUST BE
ASTER'S MANAGER!
HE SAID HE'D BE
DROPPING BY,
BUT I DIDN'T KNOW
HE MEANT TODAY!
I WOULD HAVE HAD
MY COAT DRY-CLEANED,
FOR GOODNESS' SAKE!
AND IF I HAD KNOWN
THIS JOB REQUIRED
SO MUCH EXERCISE,
I WOULD'VE HOPPED ON
THE TREADMILL DAYS AGO!
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
MONSIEUR!
BIENVENU!
YES...WELCOME!
YOU MUST BE STARVED
FROM YOUR TRIP!
AND I MAKE A DIVINE
CHICKEN FRANCESE.
THANK YOU,
BUT I TRAVEL WITH A CHEF.
MR. SARTORIUS,
WE WERE SO PLEASED TO
HEAR YOU WERE COMING.
BUT IF I MAY ASK...
WHAT BRINGS YOU
TO OUR ACADEMY?
WELL, I MANAGE
SEVERAL TOP-RANKING
PROFESSIONAL DUELISTS,
AND I'M ALWAYS LOOKING
FOR FRESH TALENT.
YES!
YOU TAKE UNKNOWN DUELISTS
AND TURN THEM INTO STARS.
WE'RE BIG FANS OF YOURS.
YES, BIG FANS.
HUGE.
THANK YOU.
AS YOU KNOW, ASTER'S
BEEN MAKING APPEARANCES
WORLDWIDE.
HE'S BOOKED SOLID
FOR THE NEXT 3 YEARS.
SO I'VE DECIDED TO
TAKE ON A NEW CLIENT.
TERRIFIC!
TRES BIEN.
I'LL HELP YOU!
WE'LL START WITH
A GUIDED TOUR.
SOUND GOOD?
HE DOESN'T NEED
A TOUR.
HE NEEDS A LIST!
OF OUR TOP
STUDENTS.
I'LL MAKE IT
MYSELF.
I'M TELLIN' YA,
SARTORIUS,
SOME 'A THESE KIDS
DUEL LIKE BUTTAH.
SO WHATTA YA SAY!?
THAT'S NICE.
BUT I WON'T BE NEEDING
ANY ASSISTANCE.
BUT WHY NOT?!
HONESTLY.
WE'RE AT YOUR DISPOSAL.
SO BY ALL MEANS,
DISPOSE AWAY.
THANK YOU, BUT I'VE ALWAYS MADE
IT A POINT TO WORK ON MY OWN.
NOW, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
THERE'S WORK TO DO.
IT'S BEEN A PLEASURE,
GENTLEMEN.
DON'T BE
A STRANGER!
CALL ME!
Syrus: CALL THE COAST GUARD!
CALL THE MARINES!
SYRUS?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
JADEN'S GONE MISSING!
HE GRABBED ALL OF HIS STUFF
AND JUST TOOK OFF!
HE RETREATED!?
PATHETIC.
Syrus: JADEN!
ARE YOU OUT THERE!?
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
COME OUT FROM THE TRENCHES,
SOLDIER!
TAKE IT FROM SOMEONE
WHO KNOWS, LOSER!
YOU CAN RUN,
BUT YOU CAN'T ESCAPE
YOUR PROBLEMS.
WHOA! THAT IS SO DEEP!
YAH!
WHO INVITED YOU PEOPLE?
WE'RE NOT EXACTLY
PEOPLE, BOSS.
NO, YOU'RE KIDDING ME.
AND ALL THIS TIME,
I THOUGHT YOU WERE STUDENTS!
YOU WANNA HELP?
THEN STAY OUTTA MY WAY!
WE UNDERSTAND.
YEAH,
YOU'RE JUST SAD
'CAUSE YOU MISS
JADEN.
IT'S NATURAL.
WHO ASKED YOU FREAKS!?
Sartorius: TRUST ME,
THEY MEAN WELL.
MONSTER SPIRITS
DON'T OFTEN COMMUNICATE
WITH THE HUMAN WORLD,
BUT WHEN THEY FIND
SOMEONE THEY TRUST,
THEY CAN BE QUITE LOYAL.
YOU HAVE A GIFT,
MR. PRINCETON.
HOW DO YOU KNOW MY NAME?
[CHUCKLES]
BECAUSE I HAVE A GIFT
AS WELL.
I AM KNOWN AS SARTORIUS,
AND I HAVE TRAVELED
QUITE A WAYS TO MEET YOU.
YEAH? AND WHY'D
YA WANNA MEET ME?
SIMPLE. I COULD USE
SOMEONE LIKE YOU,
SOMEONE WITH THE POWER
TO SPEAK TO MONSTER SPIRITS.
IT'S ONE OF MY TALENTS.
IMPRESSIVE.
TALENT AND CONFIDENCE.
YOU BETTER BELIEVE IT.
TELL YOU WHAT.
I HAVE AN IDEA.
WHY DON'T YOU SHOW ME
WHAT YOU'VE GOT?
PERHAPS I'LL SIGN YOU ON
AS MY CLIENT.
I MANAGE
PROFESSIONAL DUELISTS.
EVER HEAR OF
ASTER PHOENIX?
YOU MANAGE HIM?
INDEED.
NOW LET'S SEE IF
YOU'RE READY FOR THE PROS.
HMM.
YOU'RE GONNA TRUST
A GUY WHO LOOKS
LIKE THAT!?
SOITANLY!
LOOK AT US!
GOOD POINT.
HEY!
WILL YOU STOOGES CLAM UP?
All: SORRY, BOSS!
I'M IN. BUT BELIEVE ME,
YOU'LL FORGET ALL ABOUT
ASTER PHOENIX,
ONCE YOU DUEL
AGAINST THE CHAZZ!
HA HA HA!
I CAN'T WAIT.
AS A MATTER OF FACT,
I THINK THIS IS THE BEGINNING
OF A BEAUTIFUL FRIENDSHIP.
UH, WHAT'S THE DEAL?
PEACE OUT, BOSS!
DON'T CALL US,
WE'LL CALL YOU!
WHERE'S YOUR DUEL DISK,
ANYWAY?
WHO NEEDS A DUEL DISK
WHEN YOU HAVE THIS!?
AH, YOU REALIZE
THAT'S A TABLE,
DON'T YOU?
Both: LET'S DO THIS!
HUH? YA KNOW,
IT HELPS WHEN YOU
ACTUALLY LOOK
AT YOUR CARDS.
NOT NECESSARILY.
[CHUCKLES]
[LAUGHING]
Chazz: ONCE YOU SEE
WHAT I CAN DO,
YOU'RE GONNA
HIRE ME ON THE SPOT!
NOW JUST SIT BACK
AND ENJOY THE SHOW!
'CAUSE THE CHAZZ
IS IN THE HOUSE!
AND I'LL START
WITH V-TIGER JET!
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL.
THEN I'LL PLAY
THE SPELL CARD
FRONTLINE BASE!
NOT BAD, HUH?
WELL, YOU AIN'T
SEEN NOTHIN' YET!
'CAUSE NOW I CAN
AUTOMATICALLY CALL
A FUSION MONSTER
TO THE FIELD.
SO FEAST YOUR EYES
ON THIS BAD BOY!
I SUMMON W-WING CATAPULT!
HOLD ON.
IF YA THINK
THAT WAS GOOD,
WAIT'LL YA SEE WHAT
I'M ABOUT TO DO NOW!
TIGER JET
AND CATAPULT, COMBINE!
MERGE TO FORM
VW-TIGER CATAPULT!
I'VE DONE ENOUGH,
SO I'LL THROW THIS DOWN
AND CALL IT QUITS.
MOST IMPRESSIVE.
NOW, THEN...
I HAVE A STRONG FEELING
MY TOP CARD
IS MY VISION SPELL.
HUH?
NO WAY!
YOU DIDN'T EVEN
HAFTA LOOK!
DIDN'T I TELL YOU?
MUCH LIKE YOURSELF,
I POSSESS A GIFT.
WHY DON'T I GIVE YOU
A DEMONSTRATION?
THE NEXT CARD IN MY DECK
REPRESENTS YOU.
IT'S THE HANGMAN!
HEY! YOU'RE CHEATING!
NO, CHAZZ.
I'M PREDICTING.
I HAVE THE ABILITY
TO SEE EVENTS BEFORE THEY OCCUR.
AND IN THIS CARD,
I SEE YOUR DESTINY.
YOU HOLD A GREAT DEAL
OF ANGER INSIDE.
AM I RIGHT, CHAZZ?
GIMME A BREAK!
REAL TOUGH.
LIKE IT TAKES MAGIC
POWERS TO SEE THAT.
YOU'RE A HACK!
NOT TO MENTION A CHEAT!
HA HA HA!
VERY WELL.
LET'S CONTINUE, SHALL WE?
YOU'LL COME TO
UNDERSTAND MY ABILITIES
WHEN THE TIME IS RIGHT.
BUT I CAN ASSURE YOU,
I NEVER RESORT
TO TRICKERY.
AND IF YOU NEED PROOF,
THEN COME HERE
AND SHUFFLE MY CARDS.
LEMME ASK YOU SOMETHING.
DO YOU ALWAYS
ACT THIS CALM?
'CAUSE YOU'RE STARTING
TO CREEP ME OUT.
YOU SHOULD TRY
GETTING MAD ONE DAY.
YOU AMUSE ME, CHAZZ.
SEE?
YOU DID IT AGAIN!
BUT IT'LL TAKE MORE
THAN CARD TRICKS
AND A CREEPY VOICE
TO BEAT ME!
I KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT IT WILL TAKE.
THAT'S THE POINT
I'VE BEEN TRYING TO MAKE.
ALL YOUR ACTIONS
ARE PREDETERMINED.
IN OTHER WORDS,
YOUR MOVES HAVE
ALREADY BEEN DECIDED
AND I KNOW THEM ALL.
NOT A BAD TALENT, IS IT?
[CHUCKLES]
STILL SKEPTICAL, ARE WE?
[CHUCKLING]
DON'T WORRY.
I'LL MAKE A BELIEVER
OUT OF YOU SOON ENOUGH.
THEN YOU'LL SEE THE LIGHT.
SOONER OR LATER,
EVERYONE DOES.
YEAH!?
WELL, I'M NOT EVERYONE!
LET'S MOVE ON.
ALL RIGHT, WHERE WAS I?
AH, YES, I WAS ACTIVATING
MY SUIT OF SWORD 10.
THIS CARD WILL SPIN
UNTIL YOU SAY "STOP."
IF IT STOPS RIGHT SIDE UP,
THEN I CAN DESTROY
EVERY MONSTER
ON YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD!
BUT IF IT'S UPSIDE DOWN,
YOU GET TO DESTROY
ALL MY MONSTERS.
SO SAY THE WORD.
OK, FINE!
STOP!
AW, COME ON!
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU TAKE THE HIT.
NICE TRY.
[GRUNTING]
IF YOU LIKED THAT,
YOU'LL REALLY ENJOY
THIS ONE.
KNIGHT OF PENTACLES.
THIS AGAIN!?
NOW YOU HAVE A CHANCE
TO REDEEM YOURSELF.
IF IT STOPS
RIGHT SIDE UP,
THEN I'M AFRAID THIS MONSTER
CAN'T BE DESTROYED IN BATTLE.
HOWEVER, IF IT STOPS
WHILE UPSIDE DOWN,
YOU'RE IN LUCK,
FOR IT WILL BE DESTROYED
INSTANTLY WHEN ATTACKED!
OK, STOP!
WHATTA YA KNOW?
GO, ME.
I'M GONNA ENJOY
THIS TURN.
IT'S ABOUT TIME.
I'LL START MY TURN
WITH THIS!
HEY, NOT BAD.
I ACTIVATE
MY GRACEFUL CHARITY
SPELL CARD!
NOW I CAN DRAW 3 CARDS
FROM MY DECK,
AS LONG AS I DISCARD
TWO OF 'EM!
MY PREDICTION:
I'M GONNA
KICK YOUR BUTT.
IT'S FATE.
NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
THIS BEAUTY!
IT'S MY LEVEL MODULATION
SPELL CARD!
FIRST THINGS FIRST.
DRAW TWO CARDS
FROM YOUR DECK.
AND AS FOR ME,
NOW I GET TO DRAW
ANY CARD I WANT
FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
REGARDLESS OF
HOW POWERFUL IT IS!
SO NOW I'M GONNA
SUMMON THIS!
ARMED DRAGON LEVEL 7!
BUT WHY KEEP IT
WHEN I CAN SEND IT
BACK TO MY GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO SUMMON
SOMETHING EVEN STRONGER?
LIKE, SAY,
MY ARMED DRAGON
LEVEL 10!
AND THERE'S MORE.
I PLAY...OJAMA TRIO!
WHO'S YA DADDY!?
REMEMBER US!?
[LAUGHING]
NOW HERE'S HOW IT WORKS:
3 OJAMA TOKENS APPEAR
AND GO TO YOUR SIDE
OF THE FIELD!
HIM!?
NO!
HOLD ME!
[THINKING]
THESE ARE THE MONSTER SPIRITS
CONNECTED TO HIS SOUL.
[SNARLS]
HE'S GOT THAT CRAZY LOOK
IN HIS EYES, BOSS!
DON'T LEAVE US!
WHATEVER
YOU'RE GONNA DO,
DO IT QUICK!
RELAX, YOU DORKS!
I ACTIVATE
MY ARMED DRAGON
SPECIAL EFFECT!
ALL I HAFTA DO IS
SEND ONE CARD
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
AND ARMED DRAGON
DESTROYS ALL OF
YOUR MONSTERS!
All: NO!
[CRYING]
AND THOSE 3 LITTLE RUNTS
DON'T LEAVE
EMPTY-HANDED, YA KNOW!
WHEN THEY'RE DESTROYED,
EACH OJAMA TOKEN TAKES
300 LIFE POINTS!
[GRUNTING]
HANG ON,
'CAUSE I'M NOT FINISHED
WITH YOU YET.
ARMED DRAGON!
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY
WITH STATIC ORB THRUST!
[GRUNTING]
SO, BLOWN AWAY
BY MY TALENT!?
[CHUCKLING]
LET'S SEE WHAT DESTINY
HAS IN STORE FOR YOU,
WITH SELECTION OF FATE!
NOW YOU GET TO CHOOSE
A CARD FROM MY HAND,
AND IF IT'S A MONSTER,
I CAN SUMMON IT.
Chazz: YOU'RE GONNA
MAKE ME WALK
ALL THE WAY
OVER THERE AGAIN!?
WHAT'S WRONG?
I THOUGHT WE WERE FRIENDS.
COULD YOU GET
ANY CREEPIER!?
IF YOU LOVE ME,
YOU WON'T GO!
TRUST ME!
YOU DON'T WANNA DO THIS!
BUZZ OFF!
I CAN HANDLE
THIS FREAK SHOW!
AAH!
GO AHEAD,
AND CHOOSE WISELY.
THAT ONE!
NO!
YOU'RE KIDDING ME!
DIDN'T I TELL YOU?
THIS HANGMAN CARD
SYMBOLIZES YOU, CHAZZ.
YOU SEE?
IT WASN'T A "CARD TRICK"
AFTER ALL.
IT WAS DESTINY.
FATE INTENDED YOU
TO CHOOSE IT!
AND FATE INTENDED YOU
TO PAY THE PRICE!
[GRUNTING]
NOW IT'S TIME TO TEMPT
THE HANDS OF FATE ONCE AGAIN.
IF THE CARD STOPS
RIGHT SIDE UP,
I LOSE A MONSTER.
THEN THE EQUIVALENT
OF THAT MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
GETS SUBTRACTED
FROM MY LIFE POINTS.
HOWEVER, SHOULD THE CARD
STOP UPSIDE DOWN,
YOU LOSE A MONSTER,
CAUSING YOU DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THAT MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS.
GO AHEAD.
THE FUTURE IS
IN YOUR HANDS NOW...
OR SO YOU THINK.
ALL RIGHT, STOP!
THE SUSPENSE!
IT'S KILLIN' ME,
BOSS!
AHH.
NO! MY DRAGON!
[GROWL]
IT'S ALL IN THE CARDS.
THANKS TO THEM,
I NOW KNOW WHAT
YOU FEAR THE MOST.
FAILURE!
YOU SEE,
THE CARDS TELL ME
THERE'S A RIVAL
YOU'VE BEEN TRYING TO DEFEAT.
HOWEVER, YOU CAN'T DO IT.
THE HANGMAN
INDICATES TURMOIL.
ON THE OUTSIDE,
YOU'RE QUITE CONFIDENT;
HOWEVER, ON THE INSIDE,
YOU LACK FAITH IN YOURSELF.
YOU THINK PERHAPS
YOUR RIVAL'S TOO STRONG.
GIMME A BREAK!
I MEAN,
WHO'S STRONGER THAN ME!?
HA HA!
YOU'RE MESSIN'
WITH MY HEAD!
IT'S DIFFICULT TO HEAR
THE TRUTH, ISN'T IT?
BUT TRUST ME, MY FRIEND,
WHEN YOU OPEN UP YOUR EYES
TO THE LIGHT,
YOUR FEAR SHALL BECOME
A THING OF THE PAST.
ACCEPT YOUR DESTINY,
CHAZZ.
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT
AWAITS YOU!
YOU MUST EMBRACE THE HANGMAN
IN ORDER TO CONQUER IT!
HA HA!
AH!
UNH!
[GASP]
JOIN ME
AND STAND BY MY SIDE.
TOGETHER YOU AND I
WILL WALK INTO THE LIGHT.
YOU'VE COME SO CLOSE.
YOU CAN'T TURN BACK NOW.
FINISH
WHAT YOU'VE BEGUN!
DON'T YOU WANT
TO BE STRONG?
TO CONQUER
YOUR GREATEST FEARS?
TO CONQUER JADEN?
IT'S ALL
WITHIN YOUR GRASP.
I...I DON'T KNOW.
YOU DO KNOW.
BUT THE TWO SIDES
OF YOUR SOUL
ARE STRUGGLING
FOR CONTROL!
EACH ONE OF US
HAS TWO FACES,
ONE THAT'S DARK
AND ONE THAT
CAN SEE THE LIGHT.
EMBRACE THE LIGHT
WITHIN!
COME ON!
YOU'RE CLOSE!
ALL RIGHT!
HELP ME!
SHOW ME THE LIGHT!
[CHUCKLING]
[YELLING]
WISE CHOICE!
WE'LL SAVE YOU!
COME ON, BOYS!
[GASP]
[SCREAMING]
[THINKING]
I'LL MISS YA, DUEL ACADEMY,
BUT I CAN'T BE HERE,
NOT UNTIL I FIND SOME ANSWERS.
THE SOUL OF THE HANGMAN
IS MINE.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, CHAZZ?
HOWEVER,
THE ONE I REALLY WANT
ELUDES ME.
[GASP]
[THINKING]
THE WHEEL OF FATE IS IN REVERSE!
PERHAPS THE TIDE IS TURNING.
Syrus: CHAZZ!
WE WERE BEGINNING TO THINK
YOU DISAPPEARED, TOO!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT!?
Chazz: YUP, NEVER BETTER.
YOU LOOK DIFFERENT.
DID YOU GET A HAIRCUT
OR A NOSE JOB OR SOMETHING?
NO, HE GOT
A NEW WARDROBE!
[CHUCKLES]
IT'S MORE THAN THAT.
I FINALLY WOKE UP,
AND I'VE SEEN THE LIGHT--
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
IT HOLDS ALL THE ANSWERS!
[LAUGHING]
♪ ♪
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪